hi I'm Tom purpose for years you've seen
me tell you how to get in great shape
with both legs home gyms well now I have
another secret to share with you with
both legs you can get fast results with
just the turn of a dial thanks to the
bowflex selecttech free weight system
the bowflex selecttech unique weight
system lets you go from five pounds of
NT two and a half pounds quickly easily
and safely and this is what makes this
product so terrific for years dumbbells
have always made for great workout but
they've always presented a huge
logistical problem I mean you'd have to
have nearly two walls lined with
dumbbells give the same number of free
weights that you do in just one pair of
selecttech dumbbells selecttech takes up
one tenth of the space of normal free
weights and in half the normal price
that's precisely the kind of innovation
you'd expect from both legs we've taken
a great tool for working out and just
made it practical for the home the
secret is the patented locking mechanism
that seeks and locks only the weight you
select it works just like a safe except
you always know the combination just
rotate the dials to the weight you want
and fam selecttech tumblers
automatically fasten to the way you want
to live you want to let 15 pounds no
problem just set the dial to 15 and live
it's just that quick you want a bigger
challenge say 40 pounds move the dollars
of 40 and lift it's just that quick you
want even fifty two and a half pounds no
problem just dial and lift and for added
safety our engineers have created a
spring-loaded locking pin that prevents
the knob from rotating when you lift
select it from its base so you never
have to worry about dropping plates like
you can with old-fashioned dumbbells
this innovative design allows us to
shrink 30 separate dumbbells down to two
saving you a lot of space and a ton of
money but here's the key no matter what
weight you choose you won't get the
results you crave unless you perform
each exercise correctly
success in working with dumbbells is
based and technique and that's why I'm
going to show you how to do each rep
profitably and demonstrate on more than
30 basic exercises including over any
variations that you can do with this
equipment